Replace back link placeholder URLs with javascript (#1103)
alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit: CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased
 
## New features

> ### Replace back link placeholder URLs with javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Replace back link placeholder URLs with JavaScript
```

> Previously, users had to manually replace the `href` for each back link in the page templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now use JavaScript to make the [back link component]( https://design-system.service.gov.uk/components/back-link/) take users to the previous page by default.
```

> Now, we use JavaScript to make the back link take you to the previous page by default.

Reviewer: Before, you had to manually replace the `href` attribute for each back link in the page templates.

> This approach is not appropriate for production scenarios, where you cannot rely on JavaScript being available at all times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not use this approach for production scenarios, where you cannot rely on JavaScript always being available.
```

> You can still override the `href` attribute if you need different behaviour.

Reviewer: Worth giving an example of different behaviour? Or would that be overkill?

# Unreleased

## New features

### Replace back link placeholder URLs with javascript

> Previously, users had to manually replace the `href` for each Back link in the page templates.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure "Back link" should be capitalised. We should be consistent with the [design system guidance](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/components/back-link/)

Author: Ah, thanks!

Now, we use JavaScript to make the Back link take users to the previous page by default.

This approach is not appropriate for production scenarios, where you cannot rely on JavaScript being available at all times.

> Users can still override the `href` attribute if they need different behaviour.

Reviewer 2: Probably worth asking @EoinShaughnessy to take a look at this on Monday. I think in release notes we normally talk to users as if they're reading this, e.g: "you can still override" vs "users can still override", but probably worth checking with Eoin.

Reviewer: Thanks @vanitabarrett! @domoscargin I added a few suggestions :)
